(***)
mm um um
huh ha it was behind ohhh
ha ha ha
huh ha
on your back (***)
Yeah, yeah.
ohhh ha ha ha
ooooo
in a different pocket oh ohhhh
(***) pockets
Hahahahaha!
awwww
everwhere
huh ha
haaaaaa
(***) people (***)
You better.
You always have to watch your back.
hummmmm
huhhh
I hear that London is not the best.
Not bad, just compared to...
But that sounds really cool.
ahhhhmm'
(***)
(***) its like (***)
like the food that you've eaten overseas like is there any that's like
state in your memory the (***)
like outside of america and japan
huh huh ha
huh ha
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Seafood pasta. ohhh
I've never heard of pasta inside a pie
Oh, you do? Where?
(***) ha ha ha
in Laguna Beach.
Inside a pie? ohhh ha ah ah
huh ha ha ha
ha ha (***)
huh haa yeah ha ha ha
ohhh
if they have it.
huh ha ha ha
(***)
Memorable people.
I haven't had any outside of America or Japan, but I...
I think most memorable would be
Most memorable? Most delicious, I think?
Well last time when I went to Japan I think the sukiyaki we had
(***)
(***) i think
But I think most surprised
I can't remember. I just remember...
Well, the most unusual thing I think I've eaten... Oh, well one of them is like...
milk ice cream with shirasu so like dried fish
on it oh wow yeah
It was good. Yeah, salty and sweet.
Yeah, yeah. I think it was like a part
It's like, I think I had it at like a harbor so like they're famous for shirasu
So they had like shirasu ice cream.
i think it was it was in kanagawa but oh
Yeah.
oh
(***) ha ha
it could be unusual ohhh
ohhh ha huh ha
huh ha
(***) ohhhh ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha(***)
huh ha ha ha ha
huh ha ha i think (***) i never (***) somewhere
huh ha ha ha